Clarify how the bash shell will be invoked if not specified explicitlly (#19192)
github/docs: content/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions.md

| Supported platform | `shell` parameter | Description | Command run internally |
|--------------------|-------------------|-------------|------------------------|

> | All | `bash` | The default shell on non-Windows platforms with a fallback to `sh`. Bash will be invoked with `bash -e {0}` if the shell parameter is not specified explicitly. When specifying a bash shell on Windows, the bash shell included with Git for Windows is used. | `bash --noprofile --norc -eo pipefail {0}` |

Reviewer: @eric-wieser's suggestion looks good 👍🏻 Should we still include @nikola-jokic's motion of `bash -e {0}`?

One thing I'd consider tweaking is this:

> Note that the behavior is different to specifying `bash` explicitly.

What's "the behavior" here? Can we be more explicit? "The behavior when not specifying `bash` in the path", etc.

> | All | `bash` | The default shell on non-Windows platforms with a fallback to `sh`. Bash will be invoked with `bash -e {0}` if the shell parameter is not specified explicitly. When specifying a bash shell on Windows, the bash shell included with Git for Windows is used. | `bash --noprofile --norc -eo pipefail {0}` |

Reviewer 2: "the behavior" is "the behavior described by this row of the table", which seems already clear to me.

> | All | `bash` | The default shell on non-Windows platforms with a fallback to `sh`. Bash will be invoked with `bash -e {0}` if the shell parameter is not specified explicitly. When specifying a bash shell on Windows, the bash shell included with Git for Windows is used. | `bash --noprofile --norc -eo pipefail {0}` |

Reviewer 2: Perhaps reordering the sentences would make it clearer?
```suggestion
| Linux / macOS | unspecified | The default shell on non-Windows platforms. Note that runs a different command to when `bash` is specified explicitly. If `bash` is not found in the path, this is treated as `sh`. | `bash -e {0}` |
| All | `bash` | The default shell on non-Windows platforms with a fallback to `sh`. When specifying a bash shell on Windows, the bash shell included with Git for Windows is used. | `bash --noprofile --norc -eo pipefail {0}` |
```

> | All | `bash` | The default shell on non-Windows platforms with a fallback to `sh`. Bash will be invoked with `bash -e {0}` if the shell parameter is not specified explicitly. When specifying a bash shell on Windows, the bash shell included with Git for Windows is used. | `bash --noprofile --norc -eo pipefail {0}` |

Author: @eric-wieser great suggestion! Thank you!
